New Device Setup
Great work learning how to use the fmt package in Go! It is time to test your new knowledge on a larger problem!

You just bought a new smart device and are ready to set it up! But you’ll be the one to program this setup and prompt the user for their information.

If you get stuck during this project and would like to see a developer work through it, click “Get Unstuck“ to see a project walkthrough video.

Tasks
10/10 complete
Mark the tasks as complete by checking them off
Learning your Name
1.
The device needs to know how to address you.

Begin the setup by declaring a string variable called name.

2.
With a variable in place, it is now time to prompt the user and save the input.

Use the Println function to ask the user for their name.

Next, use the Scan function to take in the input and save it using a reference to the name variable.

3.
Now that the name is saved, use it to address the user!

Use the Println function to say hello with the name of the user.

Learning the Age
4.
With the name all set, is time to take in the next bit of user information: their age!

Create an int variable, for the user’s age.

Then write a prompt using the Println function to ask the user for their age.

5.
Next, use the Scan function to take in the input and save it using a reference to the age variable.

6.
We can now print a message describing our user.

Use the Printf to print the name and age of the user using the %s verb for the name, and the %d verb for the age.

Reformat the Message
7.
Let’s practice using the Sprintf function to display the users information in a different way.

Create a variable newMessage which holds the result of calling the Sprintf function.

8.
Inside the call to the Sprintf function, pass in the following information:

An alternate message containing the user’s name and age.
The name variable.
The age variable.
9.
Use the Println function to print the newly created message.

10.
You completed the project! You were able to:

Declare new variables.
Take inputs and save them in these variables.
Print the variables alongside unformatted text.
Format some other variables when printing.
Congratulations on mastering the fmt package!